docs: add some emphasis for setting up blob and restrict role (#652)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/self-host-blob-storage.mdx

sidebarTitle: Enable blob storage
---

> By default, LangSmith stores run inputs, outputs, errors, manifests, extras, and events in ClickHouse. If you so choose, you can instead store this information in blob storage, which has a couple of notable benefits. We **highly recommend** using blob storage for production deployments due to the benefits outlined below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, LangSmith stores run inputs, outputs, errors, manifests, extras, and events in ClickHouse. If you so choose, you can instead store this information in blob storage, which has a couple of notable benefits. For the best results in production deployments, we **strongly** recommend using blob storage, which offers the following benefits:
```
What do you think?

  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",

>       "Action": [

Reviewer: In the description before this JSON, we say "you will need to create an IAM policy granting admin permissions on your bucket"... should we remove `admin`?

... you will need to create an IAM policy granting the following permissions on your bucket."
